#summary This page list known issues with providers and library and solutions.
==Known Issues and Solutions==

*General*
  * All the providers disallow same message to be post again to avoid spamming.You may get error if you try to post same message.
  * Google, Foursquare, Yammer , Salesforce requires user callback url defined in account. use addCallback method for this.

 * If you get this error while importing projects :
 
 _Project has no default.properties file! Edit the project properties to set one._

 Check your ADT version and upgrade to latest one.
 To check :
 Help -> About Eclipse -> Installation Details -> Installed Software Tab -> Android Development Tools

 * Currently the SDK not supports below Android SDK 2.3.3 versions.
 * You may get *!UnknownHostException* while testing on emulator or device.Here are possible solutions:
   * Check you have inserted android.permission.Internet under manifest tag of your androidmanifest.xml.
   * For device , check your internet connection. Is it on?
   * For emulator , close it. Relaunch the emulator.
   * If relaunching the emulator not solves the issue, then create new      avd and launch it.


*Facebook*
  * Facebook shows different language sometimes. This is a bug filed to !FaceBook.Here is the link :
 [https://developers.facebook.com/bugs/407246299295529?browse=search_4fa410ea79db26337556383]

* Twitter*
If you find issue in twitter authentication , you can try following things :


*Yahoo*

 *  Yahoo oAuth screen is not mobile optimized. Although we have tried to do some tweaks in webview but you may face issue in some phones.
*   Yahoo takes time to open in emulater due to low rendering speed of emulater.

*Yammer*

 *  Yammer oAuth screen is not mobile optimized. Although we have tried to do some tweaks in webview but you may face issue in some phones.
 * Yammer provides oAuth access to network members only. 

*Runkeeper*
 *  Runkeeper oAuth Screen is partially optimized. We have done optimization at our end.
 *  Runkeeper takes time to open in emulater due to low rendering speed of emulater. 